.TH ksayit 1

.SH NAME
ksayit \- A Text-to-speech front-end to kttsd.

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B ksayit [file]
.I [ Generic Options] [Qt-options] [TDE-options]

.SH DESCRIPTION
KSayIt is a small utilitiy for TDE that simply speaks a given textfile 
in a very high quality, i.e. sound and pronounciation of the spoken 
text should be as natural as possible. KSayIt uses natively 
Text-To-Speech systems like MBrola, any TTS system that can be 
controlled via a command line or any TTS system that is supported by 
the TTS system (i.e. Festival). KSayIt offers three user interfaces: 
A simple text editor window in which you can enter or paste text that 
should be spoken after pressing a play button, as well as an icon 
in the systemtray that starts to speak by a single mouseclick the 
actual content of the clipboard. As a TDE application it offers also a 
DCOP interface for the say and shut-up action. Finally KSayIt provides 
an effectstack to postprocess the sound of the voice (currently only a 
Freeverb effect is included)

.SH GENERIC OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-\-help
Show help about options.
.TP
.B \-\-help-qt
Show Qt specific options.
.TP
.B \-\-help-tde
Show TDE specific options.
.TP
.B \-\-help-all
Show all options.
.TP
.B \-\-author
Show author information.
.TP
.B \-v, \-\-version
Show version information.

.SH QT OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-\-display \fI<displayname>\fB
Use the X-server display `displayname'.
.TP
.B \-\-session \fI<sessionId>\fB
Restore the application for the given `sessionId'.
.TP
.B \-\-cmap
Causes the application to install a private color map on an 8\-bit
display.
.TP
.B \-\-ncols \fI<count>\fB
Limits the number of colors allocated in the color cube on an 8\-bit
display, if the application is using the QApplication::ManyColor color
specification.
.TP
.B \-\-nograb
Tells Qt to never grab the mouse or the keyboard.
.TP
.B \-\-dograb
Running under a debugger can cause an implicit \-nograb, use \-dograb
to override.
.TP
.B \-\-sync
Switches to synchronous mode for debugging.
.TP
.B \-\-fn, \-\-font \fI<fontname>\fB
Defines the application font.
.TP
.B \-\-bg, \-\-background \fI<color>\fB
Sets the default background color and an application palette (light
and dark shades are calculated).
.TP
.B \-\-fg, \-\-foreground \fI<color>\fB
Sets the default foreground color.
.TP
.B \-\-btn, \-\-button \fI<color>\fB
Sets the default button color.
.TP
.B \-\-name \fI<name>\fB
Sets the application name.
.TP
.B \-\-title \fI<title>\fB
Sets the application title (caption).
.TP
.B \-\-visual TrueColor
Forces the application to use a TrueColor visual on an 8-bit display.
.TP
.B \-\-inputstyle \fI<inputstyle>\fB
Sets XIM (X Input Method) input style. Possible values are
\fIonthespot\fP, \fIoverthespot\fP, \fIoffthespot\fP and \fIroot\fP.
.TP
.B \-\-im \fI<XIM server>\fB
Set XIM server.
.TP
.B \-\-noxim
Disable XIM.

.SH TDE OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-\-caption \fI<caption>\fB
Use `caption' as name in the titlebar.
.TP
.B \-\-icon \fI<icon>\fB
Use `icon' as the application icon.
.TP
.B \-\-miniicon \fI<icon>\fB
Use `icon' as the icon in the titlebar.
.TP
.B \-\-dcopserver \fI<server>\fB
Use the DCOP Server specified by `server'.
.TP
.B \-\-nocrashhandler
Disable crash handler, to get core dumps.
.TP
.B \-\-waitforwm
Waits for a WM_NET compatible windowmanager.
.TP
.B \-\-style \fI<style>\fB
Sets the application GUI style.
.TP
.B \-\-geometry \fI<geometry>\fB
Sets the client geometry of the main widget.

.SH SEE ALSO
More detailed user documentation is available from
.BR help:/ksayit
(either enter this URL into \fBkonqueror\fP, or run `khelpcenter
help:/ksayit').

.PP
There is also further information available at the 
.URL https://mirror.git.trinitydesktop.org/gitea/TDE/tdeaccessibility " 
tdeaccessibility project home page."

ksayit(1)

.SH AUTHORS
.nf
Robert Vogl <voglrobe@web.de>
