.TH kmousetool 1

.SH NAME
kmousetool \- A TDE tool to help click the mouse.

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B kmousetool
.I [ Generic Options] [Qt-options] [TDE-options]

.SH DESCRIPTION
KMouseTool clicks the mouse whenever the mouse cursor pauses briefly.
It was designed to help those with repetitive strain injuries, for
whom pressing buttons hurts. It includes features and options that
provide artificial intelligence on common mouse gestures to perform
actions.

.PP
KMouseTool can also be configured to wait for a specified time for a
drag to begin, before unclicking the mouse. This way, you can use it for
drag and drop operations as well.

.SH GENERIC OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-\-help
Show help about options.
.TP
.B \-\-help-qt
Show Qt specific options.
.TP
.B \-\-help-tde
Show TDE specific options.
.TP
.B \-\-help-all
Show all options.
.TP
.B \-\-author
Show author information.
.TP
.B \-v, \-\-version
Show version information.

.SH QT OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-\-display \fI<displayname>\fB
Use the X-server display `displayname'.
.TP
.B \-\-session \fI<sessionId>\fB
Restore the application for the given `sessionId'.
.TP
.B \-\-cmap
Causes the application to install a private color map on an 8\-bit
display.
.TP
.B \-\-ncols \fI<count>\fB
Limits the number of colors allocated in the color cube on an 8\-bit
display, if the application is using the QApplication::ManyColor color
specification.
.TP
.B \-\-nograb
Tells Qt to never grab the mouse or the keyboard.
.TP
.B \-\-dograb
Running under a debugger can cause an implicit \-nograb, use \-dograb
to override.
.TP
.B \-\-sync
Switches to synchronous mode for debugging.
.TP
.B \-\-fn, \-\-font \fI<fontname>\fB
Defines the application font.
.TP
.B \-\-bg, \-\-background \fI<color>\fB
Sets the default background color and an application palette (light
and dark shades are calculated).
.TP
.B \-\-fg, \-\-foreground \fI<color>\fB
Sets the default foreground color.
.TP
.B \-\-btn, \-\-button \fI<color>\fB
Sets the default button color.
.TP
.B \-\-name \fI<name>\fB
Sets the application name.
.TP
.B \-\-title \fI<title>\fB
Sets the application title (caption).
.TP
.B \-\-visual TrueColor
Forces the application to use a TrueColor visual on an 8-bit display.
.TP
.B \-\-inputstyle \fI<inputstyle>\fB
Sets XIM (X Input Method) input style. Possible values are
\fIonthespot\fP, \fIoverthespot\fP, \fIoffthespot\fP and \fIroot\fP.
.TP
.B \-\-im \fI<XIM server>\fB
Set XIM server.
.TP
.B \-\-noxim
Disable XIM.

.SH TDE OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-\-caption \fI<caption>\fB
Use `caption' as name in the titlebar.
.TP
.B \-\-icon \fI<icon>\fB
Use `icon' as the application icon.
.TP
.B \-\-miniicon \fI<icon>\fB
Use `icon' as the icon in the titlebar.
.TP
.B \-\-dcopserver \fI<server>\fB
Use the DCOP Server specified by `server'.
.TP
.B \-\-nocrashhandler
Disable crash handler, to get core dumps.
.TP
.B \-\-waitforwm
Waits for a WM_NET compatible windowmanager.
.TP
.B \-\-style \fI<style>\fB
Sets the application GUI style.
.TP
.B \-\-geometry \fI<geometry>\fB
Sets the client geometry of the main widget.

.SH SEE ALSO
More detailed user documentation is available from
.BR help:/kmousetool
(either enter this URL into \fBkonqueror\fP, or run `khelpcenter
help:/kmousetool').

.PP
There is also further information available at 
.URL https://mirror.git.trinitydesktop.org/gitea/TDE/tdeaccessibility " 
tdeaccessibility project home page."

kmouthtool(1)

.SH AUTHORS
.nf
GunnarSchmi <gunnar@schmi>
.br
OlafSchmidt <ojschmidt@kde.org>
.br
JeffRoush <jeff@mousetool.com>
